Jocelyn Corrales: Can you hear me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Laura: Yeah, let me remember
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you turn on your video.
Yeah.
Laura: Sure.
Jocelyn Corrales: Today,
Laura: I'm okay, how are you
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so we're doing the rap today or direct wellness relapse action plan or what we call as the heartland or health emotions activities relationship and transformation blend so
Jocelyn Corrales: This is your plan for improving the quality of your, of your life. So this is a work in progress. So what we are going to plan today is not going to be permanent, but it's going to be updated. It's going to be reviewed and updated.
Jocelyn Corrales: Regularly or every month, so it will just it will adjust to the changes in your life so
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm going to know what works for you. What's not working well for you. And let's and we will devise a plan. Later on a key.
Laura: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's start.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so let's start with what's working well for you. Then after that, we'll discuss or we'll, I'll ask you, or will discuss what's not working well for you. Then we'll go we make a plan afterwards. So with regards to your activities of daily living like showering brushing
Jocelyn Corrales: Be active like eating, sleeping, you know, everything just the basic ADL or activities of daily living. Is it working out well for you.
Laura: Which one is working well for me which one is
Jocelyn Corrales: Like waking up showering brushing your teeth.
Laura: Are working for me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is everything working out for you, your activities of leaving leaving like waking up.
Early
Laura: I don't get a lot of sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. So what
Jocelyn Corrales: I could do
Laura: With medicine that I'm on, like, I don't know, I just feel myself being restless law I come, I'm not sleeping. I don't
Laura: I'm
Laura: Called um I get up and get ready pretty fast.
Laura: I don't really have problems eating. I mean, I get nauseous. Every now and then, but that's not a biggie.
Mm hmm.
So you're eating. Oh.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes, yes, that's
Jocelyn Corrales: That's it. So what's not working well for you is that you're not able to sleep well.
Jocelyn Corrales: But they're able to get correctly. Are you able to exercise.
Laura: Yeah yeah I'm able to like walk around. Well, I mean, I'm in pain, a lot but
Laura: I don't like the strip should be taking me my pain right. I don't know why they're not
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you're in pain, but you're able to exercise.
Laura: What I mean like, my body's doing it so
Jocelyn Corrales: But there is still thing.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: But it's the pain better than it was before.
Taking
Jocelyn Corrales: Your taking medications.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you able to you know shower everyday shower once in a while and brush your teeth.
Jocelyn Corrales: It will take your meals. Okay, that's great.
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to your mental health regards to positive thinking exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Managing your stress or mood regulation so more of your mental health like would. Are you having a
Laura: Lot.
Jocelyn Corrales: Could you repeat that.
Laura: By myself in the personal
Laura: Like, just say what depression is coming on.
Laura: Mm hmm. Um, but other than that. I'm okay. Like my stress levels. Okay. Like, it's not not good, decent
Laura: I'm depressed. Like, that's wonderful.
Jocelyn Corrales: How
Laura: Do you feel happy.
Jocelyn Corrales: How do you deal with your depression.
Laura: I just kind of nervous to do a book and
Laura: Call today I ignore it. Kind of like, oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: So you read the book to kind of distract yourself from thinking
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, that's good.
Laura: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Therapy heart health hip helping
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you mentioned that you know you have been depressed a lot, although you have you have stresses, but it's okay. And you're able to manage it.
Laura: I'm able to breathe through a pretty much. I mean, like it's total stress isn't a big one. It's a depression.
Laura: But anyways,
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are there are some times that you are not able to manage your depression.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or
Jocelyn Corrales: So you try maybe it's good to, you know, talk about it. That's good. If you, if you know if reading a book doesn't work. But you mentioned that reading a book.
Jocelyn Corrales: Makes you distracted about it. It's also good. If you want to talk about it, you can always go to the virtual clinic or you could always message me, you have my number. I think this may direct number when you that when I texted you. That's my
Jocelyn Corrales: Very good. Always message if you want someone to talk to, you could always message me
Laura: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: If you're not able if you're not able to manage. But if if you know if you think you're better with reading a book or do you do art like drawing
Laura: No, actually I have
Laura: Icon a coloring book actually
Jocelyn Corrales: You draw comics.
Laura: I Carmen Carmen.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think that's a good distraction. Also, when you put the newer, you know, emotions there, Joey. That's good. That's good. Maybe you try to instead of reading new stuff. Nice reading can be boring or sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: If you read aloud from time to time. Sometimes, you know, it's really merry way to try to divert. They were a little between reading and you know your hobbies like drawing you have any other hobbies.
Laura: Huh, to do goo that number book.
Laura: Uh huh.
And you like
Jocelyn Corrales: Why that place it. Okay, again, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, try different activities from time to time, like right for this day, you're going to do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Drawing probably what 123 days to drawing you know when you try to draw at first. Sometimes you like to draw for the whole week. Then the next week. Try reading a book in, you know, in a few days. Try playing Sudoku. And, you know, other stuff. Are you able to exercise every day.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: What do you do
Laura: Um, I have like this video that I watched online, so check that jumped around thing. I kind of copy her
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, you follow a video.
Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: A video exercise online.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you walking outside. Do you do walking outside also
Laura: Yeah yeah like working out.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and the pain is not hindering you when you are exercising or walking
Laura: Around exercising. Yeah. That's why usually stop exercising walking know
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, this way. Maybe you try on exercising that is not too complicated. Maybe just basic exercises.
Laura: For your good friend.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes I you yoga would be flying
Jocelyn Corrales: Rather than doing the, you know,
Laura: Performance bucks.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, yeah, I know we like the zoom, but sometimes it's
Jocelyn Corrales: You. I think they have basic numbers that are not, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Very complicated. Maybe you can try that one. Or maybe you'll guys also do
Jocelyn Corrales: So I'm gonna put here improvised exercise as
Jocelyn Corrales: As you know, complicated exercise triggers pain.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, in regards to your spiritual self. Are you able to do self meditation or reflection or yoga or timing with nature or probably are you do you think you're a religious or spiritual type of person.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're, you're not into a religious sect like are you
Jocelyn Corrales: And you do not go to church.
Jocelyn Corrales: You did, and you didn't go to church.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you, do you have a good relationship with your family or your parents.
Laura: Your
Jocelyn Corrales: Parents right now.
Laura: Yeah, I do. But it's not healthy.
Jocelyn Corrales: So your relationship with your parents. It's not that good or
Jocelyn Corrales: Are your parents Christians or something. No.
Laura: My, my dad's Catholic
Uh huh. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so let's go back to st will sell. Do you do meditation or self reflection.
Laura: No.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you like to try yoga.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually a good meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: When you do yoga.
Laura: Really. Yeah, it's like
Jocelyn Corrales: It actually requires a lot of concentration. So it's like a self meditation. When you do yoga and you know you mix it with me. See, and you know it relaxes you. It's also a good form of exercise actually
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's not that painful when you do active exercise, but it's also another type of maybe working out or exercise when you do yoga.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you do time with nature like going out. Go nature tripping or walking
Laura: Know what I've shown
Jocelyn Corrales: That's also good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is, is that is that far away from your area.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just you have a nature park near your area.
Laura: Yeah, of course. I'm yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you should do some walking there sometime
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually good.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you should also think about it. It's also nice doing nature trips alone, you know, walking the trees there, you know, seeing nature, it's actually
Jocelyn Corrales: Make sure that when you go there. There's not a lot of people so that you won't be you know you won't be this distracted. So it's like
Jocelyn Corrales: self reflection going to nature, walking through the park with lots of trees, you know, wind blowing in your fees and like around relaxing. It's actually relaxing. I like actually going to nature trips
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it's also nice just start walking maybe around 15 to 30 minutes of work. They just come back doing self reflection. If you're not doing yoga. You can actually do walking you know we nature.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's a good thing to do. And it gives you some in, you know, when are some artists, what they do is that they like to spend time with nature, because
Jocelyn Corrales: They feel inspired
Laura: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You could get some inspiration there, like for example for you, drawing you want to draw something so when you try to go out to nature to relax.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards you've mentioned that you do not have a good relationship with your parents, your parents leave together there with you.
Laura: My mom or my dad.
Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: But they're trying to communicate with you.
Laura: We're not really but
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: And he's. Is he supportive of your view.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is your family supported of your treatment also
Laura: I'm not really my dad, not my my step mom is an asthma.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Laura: But we're not drink john me a lot. And that's what causes a little bit of a
Laura: Mm hmm. Not like I see him drinking and then I'm like okay well what the fire.
Jocelyn Corrales: But there but your stepmom is very supportive of you.
Laura: Yeah, sure.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, are you able to talk with your stepmom also
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's a good thing. At least you have a support system you have other friends also let you go out
Laura: With sometimes. Okay. Your friends that I hang out with that, like, you know, are pretty supportive of me. Just because like
Laura: You know they they either knew me before I got locked up or whatever, and they have my back or whatever. And now, and I'm, you know, sober and doing them. They're very supportive of it because, you know, that's all I wanted for me. You know what I mean, like, they saw that I was doing bad
Laura: Bad and you know now that I'm sorry. They're like, Oh my God, you know, it's all I've ever wanted for you and
Laura: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: They are more supportive of you now that they know that you're trying
Jocelyn Corrales: To change to be better.
Laura: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Laura: A lot of friends I've seen that I have a lot more supportive now.
Jocelyn Corrales: That are more support you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, do you communicate a lot with your friends.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just in case you're not, you know, because of the pandemic right now. It's very difficult to meet your friends, but you can do like now like what we are doing now, you can do come in, you can communicate with your friends through calling texting, but I think Zoom is better.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried Zoo. Zoo and
Jocelyn Corrales: You can try to suggest it to them, just in case you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing a phone call is different in doing a
Jocelyn Corrales: Texting is different but you know sometimes when you you would like to hang out with your friends and you cannot hang out because of the currency. We shouldn't right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Zoom Zoom calling is actually a good option. You could try doing zoom, zoom, zoom, with your friends. You mean it's like you meet with a group of friends in zoom
Jocelyn Corrales: And you get to see them also.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could also try a, like a for example, you mentioned that you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes feeling depressed,
Jocelyn Corrales: Or you usually feel depressed when if you don't want to talk to a therapist or you don't want to talk to me. You can always talk to your friends.
Laura: No. True.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to financial alright are you currently working
Laura: No, I'm not.
Laura: I use the last
Laura: Thing way it is.
Jocelyn Corrales: But your previously working
Laura: No, no, because I just got on general like a month ago.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still a student
Laura: I was doing. I will be
Laura: I'm still doing that, but like, I don't know, I guess they're going to pick up I don't what
Laura: I was doing I. O. P. Hana but not working.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's your parents who's doing the bills.
Laura: Yeah, my dad and my stepmom
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you've also mentioned to me what's not working well for you, like, for example, for your pain. Although you've tried exercising. It's not really that great for you. So we could try to improvise that
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh, uh huh. And you read a boo.
Jocelyn Corrales: To distract yourself from thinking Allah
Jocelyn Corrales: Talks. Do you talk to your friends here and you're depressed.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That would make you feel better.
Laura: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or if you don't want to talk to your friends, you could always talk to me just message me
Laura: Well, thank you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Know you know there are times that you don't want to tell your friends, but you want to tell other people
Laura: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: It's not the same when you're when you're with your friends. You want to talk something else. But there are some things that you want to talk about, but you don't want to talk about your first pretty close to
Jocelyn Corrales: Using
My friends,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it can be, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Because you don't want to talk about it or you know something you don't want them to worry or, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it's good to talk to your therapist or your or you could also message me and I can listen
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so how
Jocelyn Corrales: I'll just fill out what's not working well for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to your relationship, you do not have a good relationship with your dad.
No.
Jocelyn Corrales: Does your dad drink.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And does he drink a lot
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and does it even pop up or think of changing
Laura: Think of what
Jocelyn Corrales: Of changing or stopping it.
Laura: Oh no, yeah, no, no.
Jocelyn Corrales: But your mom but your step mom is very supportive.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you do you communicate with other relatives.
Laura: Sometimes
Laura: I actually I'm helping gave them my lawyer and everything like
Jocelyn Corrales: You're an East very support to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that's your and also pay for your other bills or
Jocelyn Corrales: Just your
Your
Jocelyn Corrales: And your parents before your bills.
Laura: Yeah, the moment as paying for my lawyer to
Laura: My house.
Jocelyn Corrales: So your dad.
Jocelyn Corrales: In your account is
Jocelyn Corrales: Is helping each other to be for your lawyer.
Laura: Yeah, I've been trying to get a hold of my doctor for like one sentence just because of the pain in the
Laura: Butt, but the strip should be working. I don't understand why they're not that should be taking me most of the pain right, am I
Laura: Wrong. I don't understand where they're not working.
Laura: I'm
Laura: Not putting me on gambling or something, I don't know what
Jocelyn Corrales: You could discuss it with your doctor. I think your doctor is
That on a
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, Dr. A real. Let me check if you have other doctors. Yeah. When you meet with Dr. Ariel you could mention it to him with regards to medication. I think you have a session with him tomorrow.
Jocelyn Corrales: And when, when you have a session with Dr. Weil, and when tomorrow.
Laura: Our group with them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you have a group with them, you could you could always mention it to them or to Dr. Gabriel
Laura: 7am right so i mean it took him a ritual clinic at 615 right it's don't
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me check.
Jocelyn Corrales: 7988787 8pm
Laura: Your time so
Jocelyn Corrales: It's just the
Jocelyn Corrales: Just day 7am. Okay. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: You have to be eat at 645 or 630 check in the virtual clinic.
Jocelyn Corrales: And oh, you did not attend your
Jocelyn Corrales: Meeting follow up last
Jocelyn Corrales: April at
Laura: Invoice teams that was funny.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me check. Let me make sure if it's correct. If it's Friday or Saturday 18 oh it's Saturday, you have a medication.
Maybe on Saturday.
Jocelyn Corrales: Summit, it's a medication follow up.
Jocelyn Corrales: For 18 it's it's scheduled here.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think probably we Dr. Weil
Laura: What
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you're Laura Lou head right yes I'm looking at your chart. Yeah. Anyways, they could always reschedule it just in case you're not able to make it. And tomorrow, you have a session, so it's okay, it's fine.
If you miss
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you could always call but but you also have a group tomorrow, you could always mentioned it.
Laura: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you could mention it to them. So just in case you're able to talk to Dr. Abdul tomorrow, and he could probably if you want a one on one meeting with him he could schedule you for a medication follow up.
Laura: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so
Jocelyn Corrales: You mentioned you're not able to work because you're still doing your I O fi
Jocelyn Corrales: What time do you should live
Jocelyn Corrales: Wire and yes and also because of the coronavirus
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Laura: Are you gonna ask me what I usually get up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Yes. What time do you shoot
Laura: Line.
Laura: As well.
Jocelyn Corrales: So usually wake up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like online at 9am but on weekends. Do you wake up late or you usually wake up.
Laura: Wake up earlier. I'm you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Know, whatever, and then tomorrow wake up at seven.
Laura: Yes, right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you have to wake up, you have to set your alarm so that you will be able to wake
Laura: Up I sound like sexual minority.
I'll forget
Jocelyn Corrales: Why six or so that it would you mind you have time to time.
Laura: I don't know why.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like on the first alarm. Okay, there's still another alarm.
At least
Jocelyn Corrales: At least
Jocelyn Corrales: At least on the last
Jocelyn Corrales: Piece of the last alarm you you already feel awake.
Yeah.
Laura: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Well,
Laura: It's really
Laura: Not five minutes, four minutes. And so, Mike.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you used to do that but that up to six maybe on the first alarm, turn it off. Then I'll just wait for the next alarm, but the lex alarm or and the third Li ready, wake up.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
I made it a medication.
Laura: Medication I'm honest.
Jocelyn Corrales: And and also you mentioned that you're not able to sleep well.
Jocelyn Corrales: So probably so yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: You know,
Laura: My boss. Like, it takes like four hours ball say okay so i when I'm asleep, I'm like, Okay, I'm done. I'm saying
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, probably. That's also one of the reason that's why it's hard to wake up very early, even if you set up an alarm because probably because you're you sleep late
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so do you eat on time.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'll mention
Here.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I right here, you rarely have
Laura: Been, knocking them off of drugs and stuff. So that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: She's eating you're eating better since you were all
Jocelyn Corrales: So you are able to eat on time like breakfast, lunch and dinner or do you skip breakfast.
Laura: Or you say, I usually always eat breakfast.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Laura: I'm skipping lunch.
Oh, why
Laura: Why
Laura: Because normally if I'm doing something like if I'm busy or something.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, but, but do you feel hungry.
Laura: Oh yeah, I'll still eat like you know like a pre dinner or something.
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes you miss lunch, or is it always you miss lunch.
Laura: Sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: But not always something she misses lunch.
Jocelyn Corrales: But it's theater.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh key so
Jocelyn Corrales: Try not to forget eating your lunch, even if you're very busy.
Laura: I will try for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, because sometimes it's the effect, sometimes it has a button.
Jocelyn Corrales: When you can affect like everything
Jocelyn Corrales: Kind of like the moment. Yeah. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Something like it could have, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You know when you're hungry. Sometimes, and you're very busy doing work, and you're very hungry. Sometimes it frustrates you or something.
Jocelyn Corrales: Changes. Yeah, sometimes. Eat affects your mood or emotions because you know you want to finish something, and you do not want to eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to eat just just maybe even a light lunch, a sandwich maybe or a foot maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: So so so you don't feel hungry, you can actually schedule it so that you won't feel hungry. So like for example for breakfast. Of course, you wake up at nine probably eat breakfast or 930 or 10 so
Jocelyn Corrales: When you eat lunch like you could eat a late lunch, probably because you ate breakfast late also. So you try to eat lunch alleged around maybe one o'clock like this, a sandwich maybe or a fruit or any snack so that you won't feel because
Jocelyn Corrales: From 10 o'clock to dinner time that's already a lot of time in between. So try to add on a little time in between to eat snacks or
Jocelyn Corrales: Light lunch.
Jocelyn Corrales: You won't feel hungry.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so with your ad else try you wanted to try yoga.
Jocelyn Corrales: Why not try doing yoga instead of, you know, a heavy type of exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Walk with nature.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or self reflection.
Jocelyn Corrales: And relaxation
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what time do you usually go to bed.
Laura: You are honest truth and you want to lie.
Jocelyn Corrales: The honest truth.
Laura: Okay, like 12 123
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay. So it's usually around 12
Laura: One, two. Okay, so between like 23 because I try it out and try. Trust me, I'll try and with laid out like no I haven't.
Laura: But I talked to my New Testament
Laura: Trust turned around, turn by myself trying to, you know, turn off TVs and then turn it back on and turn it off. Turn it off, turn it back on. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's why you wake up. Yeah. That's why I understand why you wake up late. Also, at times, probably
Laura: I like to wake up early. I don't like to sleep in. I don't I get. It's not my thing.
Laura: Whenever I toss and turn like that. It's like
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried tiring yourself to be able to sleep early at night.
Laura: Let's try what
Jocelyn Corrales: Tiring tiring yourself like doing exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or you can do yoga. So at night.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just maybe about 15 minutes of yoga.
Five.
Laura: Before I go to bed or something like
Laura: Working for me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Is it safe to walk.
Laura: Out there at yeah it's
Laura: Bad part of town. I'm good.
You're always
Jocelyn Corrales: Say it's not crowded. Okay, that's my
Laura: Partner my partner time maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could try walking around the house. I'm not sure if it's safe to go outside. But anyway, if you think it's safe. But I think doing yoga or walking around the house just nearby that just don't go very far away.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe earlier at night net net net didn't wait around till
Laura: 10 o'clock.
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe date around maybe around that time would be eight nine or 10
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what I have written in the planning is that
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me check if I did miss anything. There's still pain. Yes. A will improvise exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Charlie.
Jocelyn Corrales: A plane should
Laura: I say Sudoku.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Laura: That's what I thought okay yeah me. I love it.
Laura: Do I think a stack this high like one man. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I used to play Sudoku. But it's on the phone. It's very hard to do. It's very hard to date and up in a
Jocelyn Corrales: Book. Yeah, because you have to erase a lot when you do it in a book, but
Laura: You have like a model. Why not right there. Okay.
Laura: Why not everywhere, but it's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: This I like another food because or maybe you can try using a pencil instead of a bogus.
Jocelyn Corrales: As the data.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is strong and you have to date again.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me check.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, meet with
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Online.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe via zoom if they are familiar with zoom
Jocelyn Corrales: So that you'll be able, you know, to be connected.
Jocelyn Corrales: With them.
Jocelyn Corrales: And is your boyfriend going their love
Jocelyn Corrales: Or you go to him at times.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You just leave nearby each other.
Laura: No. Well, we have like two miles one
Jocelyn Corrales: To
Laura: Two miles.
Laura: Okay, once before work.
Jocelyn Corrales: So usually we do evolution every 30 days. So I'm going to
Laura: Propose
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, it's like a follow up just like checking on you and like it, it would be shorter than what we have now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Instead of the first. Yeah. Yes. Because unlike the
Jocelyn Corrales: Left, we're doing that many. So it's, it takes quite longer but toward a follow up and just, you know, ASKING. HOW ARE YOU DOING AND MORE OF chitchat now you doing well, if you will.
Laura: Tell you that I'm going to bring along
Jocelyn Corrales: And how are you sleeping right now. Maybe after 30 days. I hope you're sleeping better
Laura: No obstruction.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let's check on that. And let's check on your, you know, if you're still feeling better. Are you still feeling more depression. And how's your exercise. Doing so, something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you also have other councillors aside from Breitbart hell.
Laura: Out of me for that. No.
Laura: I can't, I can't have two therapists, I already tried that.
Laura: She
Laura: She, she
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Laura: She didn't throw me off on it. So I have
Laura: Our first goal for her.
Laura: On my ass.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you're fine with only one therapies.
Laura: Yeah, I'm fine with that one my Savior. She's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great if
Jocelyn Corrales: Your other therapies with the word is mad at you.
Laura: Right, okay.
She was
Laura: Giving medication and I can't, I'm like, exactly. Yes, you understand
Laura: Yes, this is a, you know, it's a medication point one and that's non
Medication
Laura: Point.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay so support.
Jocelyn Corrales: People. I'm going to put here family because you have you have your step mom. She's still a family and you're on. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Wayne's family boyfriend. Boyfriend in France.
Jocelyn Corrales: And we we could be move friends if they're not real friends. But if you think they are true friends. You could put them in.
Laura: Front of me.
Laura: Friend that I met you know, what are you doing all that stuff. I call him frenemies
Laura: Like they're, you know, they're your friends.
You know,
Laura: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, good friends are the ones who tells you the truth, who tells the bad things about you in front of you.
Laura: Like I said, they all said you were horrible under but you know now, you're a stranger a lot better. I'm like, thanks.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: True friends are actually honest people. They're not that typical person that you know are nice to you, but men, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You turn your back around and like you talk a lot about you. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: They talk a lot behind you, but a true friends are someone who could tell you what strong review what's bad about you in front of you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that told me about it behind the view. Yes. I appreciate those kind of people actually
Jocelyn Corrales: I have. I used to have a co worker and everybody hates her because I don't know because of the way she she talks, maybe the tone of her voice. I don't know why they hate her. But you know, I like her very much because you know she's, she's a two person. She's an honest.
Jocelyn Corrales: Person, what is
Jocelyn Corrales: What you see in her is actually really her unlike other people that what you see is just a facade. You know, you know, when we hear back there, you know, the, say, a lot of nasty things about you, but her
Jocelyn Corrales: Know in France, she's really like that. But behind. She's, she's a good friend, you know, something like that. And I don't know why. Maybe because you know some people, you know, hate it Monday think you're too honest, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: So they say they would hate you for that. If you're too honest but you know
Laura: You liked it for you real. I know it's a true person.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes, because that's, that's really her that's that's her person at the end. That's what she's trying to show is the real her or her true self, not unlike other who you know who's wearing masks or, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yesterday, no. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I'll share
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, there are a lot of people like that, you know, so try to choose your friends wisely sometimes other people would you know think
Jocelyn Corrales: They would like a dual letter want to hang out with people who are really nice to them good to them, you know, but when you are in trouble or you're in from their old guy, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so I'll show you the plans because
Jocelyn Corrales: The what's working well and not working well I incorporated in one area. I'll just, I'm just going to arrange this or I'll just edit this in a while, you mentioned about your exercise and you're not being able to sleep well. But I'm going to edit this later.
It's actually very long.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually very wrong. This is about your ideas, your be
Jocelyn Corrales: At else and you're not able to sleep well. But you wake up early pretty fast able to eat well, but I also mentioned that you are not a leader on the leader portion that you are sometimes missing your lunch.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're able to exercise and follow in exercise video online, but sometimes doing such exercise triggers a lot of pain and, you know, makes you stop to
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing exercise. So let's improvise that I have included in the plan. You mentioned that you're depressed alot stress is okay and is able to manage it by reading a book, Thinking a lot
Jocelyn Corrales: And that bright heart health.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is helping and you talk to your friends. Sometimes I I also, I just, yeah.
Laura: And you want to try again. Yes, I do. I will, I will watch my watch. I will try it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just like the basic
Jocelyn Corrales: Just try the basic yoga first
Jocelyn Corrales: Not the very hard ones, then you can try the more complicated once once you're used to do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes it's like doing yoga sometimes also very, it's like doing exercise also sometimes, you know, it's
Laura: All kind of
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. He also he
Jocelyn Corrales: Also
Jocelyn Corrales: It's also a key.
Laura: She says,
Laura: We should just
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so in here. I haven't filled
Laura: On there. I see. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm just gonna arrange it later on. Just going to edit here. So in here that's working because he pointed out, you do not have a good relationship.
Jocelyn Corrales: With your desk still Jinx a lot
Jocelyn Corrales: And there's nothing think
Of changing
Laura: Them, I don't know, should
Laura: Have a good madman mean to us stopped.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I heard that. Oh, so that it was a man made and that's why it's very hard to control. I did. I know I don't know really. But, you know, there are so many talks about
Laura: So much records and this. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And compared to compared to source before and Merced club. It's very hard to control that the hobby 19 was very hard to control any the fact that a lot of you know countries in economies. So this is our plan or
Cheap
Laura: Yeah, actually, you know, it's really doing that, like whenever I was on drugs I wave 85 pounds.
Jocelyn Corrales: So, and
Laura: Now 108
Jocelyn Corrales: That's better.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You eat lunch. So you that gate. So you gain a little bit more weight. Just a little. Not too much.
Laura: Yeah, I need to get a little bit more
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, that's why you don't try not to miss your lunch so
Laura: Yeah. Yeah, looks good. I
Jocelyn Corrales: And doing yoga doing yoga and walk with nature for self.
Jocelyn Corrales: Reflection and relaxation
Laura: Sudoku.
Laura: S. You do. Okay, you
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: You. Yeah.
Laura: So good. Okay, there you go.
Laura: Oh, that
Laura: Looks good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me check if I can
Jocelyn Corrales: send you the remote Wait let's save this first, then I'll just
Jocelyn Corrales: So that you'll be able to sign and the other way. I can still edit this and I'll send you a copy. Once I get to finish it.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let me do a new share
Jocelyn Corrales: Sure that you will see the box.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you able to control
Jocelyn Corrales: The mouse.
Laura: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Can you try to sign it.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, some sometimes when I try to share it to other patients, they're not able to, I'm not able to share the mouse to them or if, if ever, I'm able to share it to them.
Jocelyn Corrales: If I'm able to share it to them. It's very difficult for them to
Jocelyn Corrales: To control the mouse.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. I'll just edit it later and I'll send you a copy of it so that you know what our plan is and what your but you know the basic things. Let's do basic yoga first before we do with the complicated. Once you could at least do 15 minutes of yoga for us actually
Jocelyn Corrales: tried doing
Jocelyn Corrales: planking, you know, at the sport also part of yoga planking and, you know, they also have, you know, other positions that are just easy but you know
Jocelyn Corrales: I realized even 15 minutes of yoga is actually tiring at first, but you start with 15 minutes the later on, do it for 20 minutes then later on 25 minutes until you're able to tolerate it for
Jocelyn Corrales: A minute okay and eat healthy snacks and food. Okay, try. Oh, that's good, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, that's healthy. That's good. Try, try to avoid junk foods.
Jocelyn Corrales: At this model. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, thank you, Laura best great talking to you, just in case, just in case you want a friend or someone to talk to. Don't
Do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great.
Jocelyn Corrales: All right, bye.
Jocelyn Corrales: Bye. Have a great day.
You too.